If you don't wanna have to build your own
indexes, there aren't actually I don't
think too many different kinds of indexes
that you would actually want to run.
Things like counters are so
difficult to do, but
things like key/value stores
are actually extremely simple.
I've got a package to do that
that's being used in that offline
peer-to-peer mapping project as well,
called hyperkv.
So with hyperkv,
you kind of get a key/value
store view on top of a log of edits.
So key/value stores are really handy,
we use them all the time.
The important thing to note is if you
call get in this key/value store,
if you do kv.get, you're going to
get back possibly many documents,
not just a single one.
So here's how that would look.
So instead of a single value,
you get back an object.
The keys are the hashes and
then the values are whatever
the document value is for that hash.
So but
this is just what's true about that log.
And I think hiding from the truth
is a bad idea in technology.
So I take a principled stand [LAUGH] for
the truth of the immutable
log in this case.
So if you want to play around with
doing building something like
a peer-to-peer distributed wiki,
you could do that with hyperkv.
I think we'll have some time, so
I might try to build one of
those on top of a hyperlog.
There's also a package called
hyperlog-sodium that I wrote a while ago.
It's kind of a lot of boilerplate.
It's quite difficult to set up
the sodium hooks for doing signing and
verification correctly.
So this package does all that for you.
You can just drop it into your hyperlog,
like I can show you right really
quick what that would look like.
So in the part of hyperlog where you have
like the valueEncoding and whatever,
that's where you can require hsodium,
which is hyperlog-sodium.
And you can do hsodium of a key pair and
then whatever other stuff you want to put.
So the key pair would be from libsodium.
If you require chloride, Chloride,
then you do chloride.crypto_sign_keypair,
like that.
So this is all that it takes
to get a signed log instead of
just something that's going to be
unsigned, but have a Merkle DAG.